Add Defender for Endpoint File Indicator to file statistics command (#37022)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/ReleaseNotes/1_17_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint

> Add File indicator to the ***microsoft-atp-get-file-statistics*** command and fill the new indicator fields created under the CommonTypes pack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ***microsoft-atp-get-file-statistics*** command now returns an indicator with the following details:
```

Author: Fixed in commit 18aefe6f94ba59b7039437d4b010a31d29cf5183
